qol(cookies): warn when cookies are set after the headers have been sent (#9627)
withastro/astro: .changeset/kind-waves-travel.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Adds a message for a case where setting cookies will have no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a warning for when setting cookies will have no effect
```

Reviewer 2: (Remove the word "for" entirely!)
